[#58110] 14.6 Documentation: Enable a custom field for multiple proje… (#16855)
opf/openproject: docs/system-admin-guide/custom-fields/README.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
>

> > Custom fields need to be activated per work package type and added to project(s). Work package custom fields are only visible when two conditions are met:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Custom fields need to be activated per work package type and added to a project. Work package custom fields are only visible when two conditions are met:
```

>
> 1. Custom field has been added to the work package type (form configuration).

> > 2. Custom field is activated for a single or multiple projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 2. Custom field is activated for the project.
```

### Assign a custom field to a work package type (Enterprise add-on)

> You can[assign a custom field to a work package type](../manage-work-packages/work-package-types/#work-package-form-configuration-enterprise-add-on) (Form configuration) directly via the link in the custom field overview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can [assign a custom field to a work package type](../manage-work-packages/work-package-types/#work-package-form-configuration-enterprise-add-on) (form configuration) directly via the link in the custom field overview.
```
